oh it's you
I know we are the one at remove awesome
too I pay me to the countable Oh contra
can't seem to get a know when the faith
team tell me is it really know
if you really love me I say with every
me I fall in love with me I'm asking you
that you know how did this thing how I
go if we're thinking of me I tried to
fall but I'm to sign kissing falling in
love is all bittersweet this lava stone
late I feel me
Oh make me I'm sick wish i had you near
me now
there's no mistake while I feel is
really long will I know
how will I know I know leave you I say
happy happy I fall in love when
harrowing me I'm asking you what you
know bout thing how I know if you're
thinking of me trying to fall I'm to
side kiss me fine i love this Oh
bittersweet this other strong wait I
who
hi the dance is called how will I know
choreographed by Linda McCormick and
Rachel McEnaney it's a 32 count for
advanced level nightclub there's one
restart in the stems section one
starting with the right foot back with
the sweep behind inside cross curtain to
your left stepping back curtain to your
left stepping on this side swear your
body want a sin to your left facing for
30 bring your right arm across going
back to right diagonal back back captain
to your right sick you're right facing
1030 forward forward forward section 21
instant to your right point to the side
now you're facing 12 spiral hacked into
your left for with a sweet cross pour it
into your right stepping back back with
a sweep back with a sweep coasters step
section three I'm wine full spiral turn
to your left way on your right forward
have turn to your left stepping back put
it into your left stepping on the side
and bring your right arm or cross on
account for in five now pour it into
your right six and seven you going back
back court into your left n8 you raise
the right faced then your left the East
in X shape last section you're going to
your right and left diagonal open your
fees and close that one finger at a time
from this little finger back that was a
sweep course behind several recover
cross curtain to your left stepping back
happen to your left stepping forward
Rock forward recover and start over
again now let me go over to the dance
with the counts
five six seven eight one two and three
four in five six and seven am-12 and
three four in five six seven in eight
one two and three four in five six in
seventh in eight in one in two three
four in five six seven be in now let me
show you what three so you can see the
hem ocean better well three starts
facing in six o'clock 12 in three four
in five six and seven an-12 in three
four in five six seven in eight one two
and three four and five six and seven in
eight in one in 234 m 5 6 7 e in in this
dance there's a 16 counts three stars
during wolf five you'll restart a dance
facing night clock well five stars
facing 12 12 in three four in five six
and seven am-12 in 30 in five six seven
in eight recover your left foot on end
count then reached out a dense phasing
nighthawk one
this is the whole dance I hope you enjoy
thank you for watching